For this week I focused a little less on big development advances and a little more on getting my video tutorial together. To get the video I have to basically recreate the app since I didn't record while developing, so it took some time to try to lay out the order of my work and especially to redo the UI. The UI took some more time to do because specific steps needed to be recorded in order. I have the UI recorded and rebuilt so far, so I should just have to retype out the code which won't be as demanding as the UI/connections and then put together the video.
As far as development, I added a "you are here" type alert that gets rid of the arrow/directions. I also added descriptions to the location objects that pop up when you select a location. I am thinking of adding a hide/show button so the user can choose whether they want to see the descriptions or not. The other thing about the descriptions is right now it has a background color. It's not the most aesthetically pleasing, so I want to remove that, I just need to look into dark mode within Xcode since people using the app may have that enabled and then the text does not display.
With that, I think the basic functionality of the app I wanted is set up so I can focus on code cleanup and enhanching the UI this week and getting the video furthur along. After that I should have a week to look into either including a google maps API or the camera feature and overlaying the information over that or some other addition.
The last thing was when we looked at the app last week it seemed like there was a bug because the arrow was off in the same way for every location. I am having trouble figuring that out because 80% of the time the app works as expected but sometimes the arrow appears off. It's proving harder to fix this because it's not always a detectable issue. I want to continue to test on my phone at different locations and check with the heading google maps on my phone shows.