Journal 4

This week I had tried to reevaluate my process a little bit. Inititally I was doing all the coding on one view and everything was overlayed and hard to "see" as different user screens. So I looked into it and implemented a segue and made the entry screen a different view controller.swift file and added a different storyboard so that design/UI was seperate from the rest. I tested it out with the welcome screen because there was only one element on it so it was a good screen for me to start out on. It required a few different components that were a little confusing, but it definitely cleared up the look of the mainscreen.storyboard file so I may want to try making 2 additional storyboards (for select and add location) and research how to connect them all.
Also code wise I added extensions to the main class to clean up my code a little and make it easier to see what each part is doing. I think this week I tried to focus a little more on clean up and making the code easy to follow. Something I am currently a little worried about is I do want to make a video tutorial, but I haven't been screenrecording a lot because it usually takes me a while to finally get the result and I didn't want to have a super long screen recording. So I will have to redo basically everything from this week at some point with a screen recording. The coding part is fine to redo, it's just the UI layout that will take more work and I will probably create a new file to just recreate that and record it.
The other step I made this week was putting in all the Marist locations I currently have. I was able to populate picker view, move it to the bottom for a nicer UI, and implement a done and cancel button to either launch the nav or not select a location and do nothing. 
I was planning on getting the add location feature working but ran into a little trouble on that. What I need to look into is how to parse the user's current location because the way it currently comes in contains a lot of extra info I don't need to use. I also need to look into how it works exactly. All tutorials and my own app return the same location in San Francisco as the current location. I'm not sure if that is just for debugging and when you actually put it on a phone it gets the correct location or if there is something else I need to do. So getting location and adding it to my object array is what I would really like to have done in the next week. After that I just need to get the right formula to move my arrow and I should be on track to start some of the extra features like implementing the google API to show a google map.