Journal 8

This week I focused on getting the entire video tutorial made and put together. I have the tutorial covering everything I have up to this point. Coding wise I didn't make much progress, but I was able to fix the bug with the pickerview and keyboard showing up in the wrong places. The coding things I still have to do would be using core data or SQLite to save locations the user adds, fix the two screens overlapping look, toggle the camera feature, and find out what the bug is with the arrow pointing incorrectly when I am in Hancock. I think this is all reasonable to get done by next week and in time for the due date for submitting my thesis poster. Once I get that working I just need to add onto the video. I also need to work on my poster in the next week to have it done by November 21. I don't know how much extra time I will have after doing all of this, but if I do have some time I can work on UI enhancements and improving the nearest location feature to not only show the last location in the array that is 20 meters close, but the closest in case two spots are within 20 meters. 
I didn't run into any issues this week, probably because it was less coding to do. The video was time consuming but came together easily. It was actually beneficial I didn't record the project as I went because I was then forced to "redo" it and it was a good way to make sure I was learning and understood what I did and why. I was able to get the UI created a lot faster than the first time around.