Reflection

Overall the app did not come out exactly how I had envisioned but I think it came out really well as a "prototype" and leaves a lot of room for expansion. I found learning Swift to be really beneficial and having something I can show off as a result is also a really great part of the thesis and allowed me to supplement what I learn in other classes with what I wanted to learn, mobile app development. 

Some accomplishments that come to mind for the project would be getting the camera functionality incorporated and even getting the navigation to work correctly (except in the 3rd floor of Hancock). Getting the camera to open was a cool feature since I was able to incorporate a feature of the iPhone within my own app. I originally thought getting an arrow to point would be easy, but it was a lot more than that. Getting the user coordinates, location coordinates, and accounting for the way the user's phone is facing was a bigger task so that is definitely something I am happy with how it turned out.

There are a few things I would have liked to add if time allowed. Geofencing would have been nice, since some buildings have multiple entrances that are furthur apart than my "you are here" distance calcuation would say given a single point. I also would like to touch up the UI. I thought the UI would be the easiest but I think there are a lot of standards and ways users are used to interacting with apps that I would have to research first. For this semester I was more focused on getting the app functional than making it pretty. The last thing that may be a good addition is getting a database involved instead of user preferences for saving added locations. I think that would be a good learning experience and probably be more logical for the app.

To conclude I really enjoyed the project and was able to learn a lot about Swift and Xcode. It has already come in use in interviews and it's also just cool to be able to show friends something I made. A lot of people have been asking if it's in the app store so they could download it so it was nice to receive such a positive reaction. I also enjoyed making the video. It helped me to really make sure I understood the code and was a nice refresher when putting the video together.